DOCS-6157-added-links (#8)
mulesoft/docs-service-mesh: modules/ROOT/pages/prepare-to-install-service-mesh.adoc

> 

Reviewer: HIDDEN

= Get Started with Service Mesh

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: service mesh, microservices, installation prerequisites
image::prepare-to-install-breadcrumb.png[]

Reviewer: I actually prefer your file name as a title: Prepare to Install Service Mesh.

> To start using Anypoint Service Mesh, you must have installed specific applications and must have specific roles and permissions. This section describes the following requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you download and install Anypoint Service Mesh, you must meet certain software, licensing, and permissions and roles requirements.
```

* <<software-requirements,Software Requirements>>
* <<licensing-requirements,Licensing Requirements>>

> * <<permissions-and-roles-requirements,Permissions and Roles Requirements>>

Reviewer: OMIT, per above

[[software-requirements]]
== Software Requirements

> Before you download and install Anypoint Service Mesh, make sure you have:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your Service Mesh installation requires the following applications and Kubernetes environments: 
```

Reviewer: ...then modify the hidden text as follows, removing extraneous information about HOW to achieve the requirements (use See Also links instead):

* Kubernetes 1.12+ or later cluster, with RBAC-enabled Helm 2.13.0 or later and without Istio
* Kubectl 1.12 or later (compatible with the cluster) on your local machine
* One of the following environments on which to run Kubernetes:
** Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)
** Amazon EKS
** Azure AKS

If you want to enable automatic sidecar injection, you must additionally have:

* Kubernetes 1.12 or later with the admissionregistration API
* The kube-apiserver process with the admission-control flag set to `MutatingAdmissionWebhook`
* A list of ValidatingAdmissionWebhook admission controllers in the correct order

> ** Add and list ValidatingAdmissionWebhook admission controllers in the correct order

Reviewer: OMIT per above

[[licensing-requirements]]
== Licensing Requirements

> Before you begin to download and install Anypoint Service Mesh, email the Service Mesh team at servicemesh@mulesoft.com for the required licenses for Beta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you download and install Anypoint Service Mesh, email the Service Mesh team at servicemesh@mulesoft.com for the required Beta licenses.
```

[[permissions-and-roles-requirements]]
== Permissions and Roles Requirements

> Before you begin to download and install Anypoint Service Mesh, you must have the following roles and permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can use Anypoint Service Mesh, you must have the following roles and permissions:
```

> * Environment Administrator or Organization Administrator for your organization to access the client ID and client secret credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Environment Administrator or Organization Administrator, to access the client ID and client secret credentials
```

* Cluster-admin role access to the Kubernetes cluster

> * Obtain the Client ID and Client Secret credentials from Access Management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Client ID and client secret credentials from access management
```
Do we really need this list item, given the first list item?

For more information about how to obtain the credentials, see 
+

> https://docs.mulesoft.com/api-manager/2.x/org-credentials-config-mule4

Reviewer: Move to See Also

> * Obtain the API ID of the application that you want to bind to the Service Mesh adapter, after your provision it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The API ID of the application that you want to bind to the Service Mesh adapter
```

> For more information about how to obtain API ID, see https://docs.mulesoft.com/api-manager/2.x/create-instance-task

Reviewer: Move to See Also
